1. Crystal Palace submit official CAS appeal as they look to overturn UEFA demotion
2. Man Utd ‘close’ to next exit after Rashford as Juventus look to add £72m flop in double deal
3. Alexander Isak makes enormous contract demand to stay at Newcastle amid Liverpool interest
4. Prem side will ‘fight off’ Man City interest in £80m star with preventative measures taken
5. Ornstein confirms Arsenal ‘on verge of total agreement’ for Gyokeres with ‘conclusion imminent’
6. Liverpool ‘optimistic’ over Diaz ‘agreement’ with Bayern Munich ‘willing’ to reach £65m
7. Man Utd ‘turn’ to ‘very real option’ after striker snub as ‘cabal of superstars’ to follow Rashford exit
8. Granit Xhaka ‘only wants’ one Premier League club in latest Ornstein transfer update
9. Marcus Rashford already given first Barcelona demand as Man Utd castoff told to ‘significantly improve’
10. Arsenal ‘prepare new move’ worth €80m for Gyokeres as agent ‘closes door’ on Man Utd
11. Arsenal ‘accelerate’ deal for PL star with ‘more than enough funds available’ to complete transfer
12. Chelsea star ‘says yes’ to Real Madrid as they ‘working on an offer of around £130m’
13. UEFA hits out at ‘no go’ VAR changes with ‘hard to tolerate’ rules set to be opposed
14. Ornstein gives Guehi to Liverpool update as Palace star will leave ‘sooner or later’ amid Spurs interest
15. Brentford ‘expected’ to make latest move for England U21 star after Man Utd Mbuemo deal confirmed
16. Man Utd ‘moving quickly to finalise’ £91m double deal as next two signings after Mbeumo revealed
17. Romano reveals Man Utd ‘offered’ Gyokeres ‘overnight’ after ‘no breakthrough’ in Arsenal talks
18. Ornstein reveals Man Utd ‘talks’ over three striker targets and names two other ‘main areas of focus’
19. Every Premier League club’s 2025 pre-season friendly fixtures and results
20. Man Utd ‘shock’ offer for fourth signing after Mbeumo ‘rebuffed’ by ‘incredulous’ PL rivals
21. ‘Angry’ Man Utd ‘slam’ Brentford over Mbeumo deal as final fee ‘negotiated down’ amid Newcastle ‘pressure’
22. Romano reveals Chelsea set for ‘club-to-club talks’ for £61m Arsenal target as Eze springs ‘surprise’
23. Liverpool ‘hold talks’ with £78m Arsenal target as Hughes ‘pushes’ for seventh signing after Ekitike
24. Isak’s agent makes ‘next step’ claim as Liverpool target’s ‘head turned’ after ‘sudden switch’ by Arsenal
25. Leeds United complete £17.3m transfer as Paixao alternative could sting Sunderland
26. Newcastle consider £26m swoop to hijack Tottenham target as talks stall
27. Arsenal ‘sudden switch’ from Gyokeres to Isak mooted with Newcastle ‘worried’ his ‘head has been turned’
28. Romano drops fresh update on Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Rodrygo
29. £70m Chelsea star responds to Man Utd interest with INEOS ‘advancing’ on transfer
30. Man Utd ‘reach’ €80m for Gyokeres as Sporting ‘turn to’ Red Devils after week of ‘silence’ from Arsenal
31. Arsenal ‘must win’ the title or Arteta is sacked? They aren’t the only club spending money to improve
32. Arsenal tipped for fourth thanks to ‘cheat’ Arteta as Gunners defended over Thomas Partey
33. Liverpool in ‘do or die season’ with ‘unproven’ duo as ‘it’s curtains’ for Arsenal if there’s another ‘failure’
34. Liverpool ‘must replace’ the ‘new Van Dijk’ instead of repeating ‘huge mistake’ Klopp made
35. League Table
36. Manchester United ‘shock bid’ rejected but ‘boost’ makes £80m Jackson signing inevitable
37. Rashford transfer ‘almost’ collapses but Manchester United ‘are the biggest winners’ of £25m loan
38. Ekitike submits stupidest ‘transfer request’ ever to ‘force Liverpool transfer through’
39. Brentford ‘U-turn’ on Mbeumo as three Man United transfers solve everything
